people always tell me stayin yo
do your thing try to be different I look
at them and laugh like I don't change
I've been the same person way to consist
in that radio show your day playing
pray we differently nobody what is up
guys it is x rays and welcome back to
another episode of throwback Thursdays a
series where I go through some older
call of duties and in this case I'm
playing some modern warfare 2 i'm using
the scar-h with a silencer and I've
gotten so used to the scar l 4 modern
warfare 3 a time when i'm looking
through these iron sights i'm literally
saying what the hell they're so small
and i don't know it's kind of weird it
threw me I've got this guy here got
another guy over there but humping the
wall it's a sniper obviously now I mean
I play some team deathmatch obviously
because I don't like playing domination
or anything like that I kind of feel
like if there's an objective people
start new tubing more than if there
isn't an objective I don't know I think
it's my opinion I got to sniper here and
then his friend with the skin tight
bodysuit comes at me that's freaking gay
and then I see him over here again a
little transvestite over here with his
balls hanging out in the air he's having
a good time luckily I get him and I rid
the world of that disgusting image of us
of some old as guy looking bald with a
skin-tight suit on forget that guy don't
be worrying that come on Infinity Ward
what the hell were they thinking putting
that weird as kind of Sudan kind of
makes me glad that in black ops you
could customize what you look like and
just to a certain degree in modern
warfare 3 also but anyway so yeah I'm
playing to modern warfare 2 is scar-h
using hard line and I'm only going to
mention that i'm using hardline because
of the fact that i use hardline a lot in
modern warfare 3 so I was like yeah why
not play modern warfare 3 like I'm
playing modern warfare 2 and you know
use a silencer when a lot of people
don't usually use it in modern warfare 3
was I don't know it feels just me but it
kind of felt like a modern warfare 3
everybody was running silencers like it
was the thing to do so i'm running a
silencer and i'm running hard line and i
started doing work on these guys i end
up being at the top of the leaderboard
here I thought I with this grenade it
was freaking crazy and anyways that's
enough about the gameplay pull out the
g18 so I thought I was going to get this
guy honestly I thought I did then he
comes up I don't know where I think he
comes up I don't know where is he here
no he's not guess my teammate scared him
away but anyway so break away from that
talk about infinity ward because I want
her to talk about this Infinity Ward
will not be making the next modern
warfare
aim if they end up doing modern warfare
I don't know if they're gonna do another
one but if they do modern warfare 4 is
not going to be made by infinity ward if
you guys didn't notice when modern
warfare 3 came out when you see the
title and you see all the you know made
by this and this it had infinity ward
but it also had sledgehammer games now
if you guys don't know I'm gonna give us
a little bit of a back story as to how
this developed what happened and
basically what was going on modern
warfare 3 was in the development stage
everybody was making it they were all
having a good time you know trying to
take our bad stuff and then sledgehammer
gains came in and the reason that they
came in was because there was I don't
know what exactly happened but some
Infinity Ward member got fired he got
fired and then you know this guy was
like you know what screw Activision and
he told his infinity war team is like
you know what guys let's go we can go
make our own division we don't got to
deal with this crap and basically he
took the majority of the of the team
with him the the majority of infinity
ward team that's why whenever you you
see some of these videos where people
talk about modern warfare 3 to talk
about how Infinity Ward wasn't really in
phinney war that was not infinity ward
because it was barely any people left an
infinity ward because of all the people
that left to leave to make their own
team which ended up being forgot what
their team with their neighbors call the
thing was respawn or something I really
sure might be that not really sure but
the whole point is that they made their
own developmental team you know make
their own games and stuff so infinity
ward was left of like only one or two
people maybe I'm exaggerating I'm sure
all i know is that it was barely any
people and you know what activation was
like you know what let's just get some
more people in there let's get this game
finished and you know what sledgehammer
games is gonna help you guys out and
that's when sledgehammer games came in
there and they were like hey you know
what let's put final standing there
let's put last stand let's put dead
man's hand I'm just making that up on
enough they said that but basically
sledgehammer games went in there and
they were like you know what let's crack
this out is get this game done and they
finish the game now that's when when you
see an introduction screen it says
modern warfare 3 x infinity ward and
also sledgehammer games now modern
warfare 4 if it is made I'm not sure if
it's going to be modern warfare for some
other game the next call of duty after
black ops 2 which is supposed to be made
by infinity ward will not be made by
infinity ward the one
are gonna take over this whole modern
warfare 3 is actually going to be
sledgehammer and there's already a bunch
of rumors going around that they're
already working on the game and they
came to need as much time as they can
because looking matter what fit there is
a piece of crap obviously two years
wasn't enough for those idiots and and
you know they had two teams working on
it a rebuild team and then a whole team
on its own and now it's going to be one
team so it's like having two instead of
having two idiots you have one idiot
working on the game so I mean I don't
know what are you gonna do with that I
did not see that guy I did not see him
honestly I walked fast when I was like
where the hell did this ninja camper guy
show up from anyway so let me know in
the comments section I mean are you guys
gonna buy modern warfare 4 if it's not
made by infinity ward Infinity Ward made
an awesome game they made cod4 that was
an awesome game the most balanced call
of duty today and they also made modern
warfare 2 now as I was playing modern
warfare 2 and you're seeing here I was
actually having a lot of fun i found the
lobby where there weren't people using
one man army using noobtube one man
armies and i actually had a lot of fun
after a couple of matches i ended up
going into one where this retard was new
to ennoble time but you know as it is
when you find lobbies like these it's
actually a really fun game and i and i
can honestly say that if it wasn't for
the all the BS that was in modern
warfare 2 that they honestly feel it
could have probably been taken away with
a patch or maybe it was too late but it
would have definitely been the best Call
of Duty out of all of the call of duty's
if it wasn't for the BS or the little
lingering things like last stand people
said I don't know people sometimes don't
say but some people said cold-blooded
and all that stuff but I honestly feel
that this game was awesome it had a lot
of potential it could have been the best
Call of Duty and this was made by
infinity ward the original Infinity Ward
team now we all saw what happened with
modern warfare 3 it was a piece of crap
reham and sledgehammer games just did
horrible i want to find every single
developer and i want to grab a knife and
stab them in both eyes and then maybe
they can get some cyborg eyes implanted
so they can actually see what the hell
they're doing and then maybe they'll put
out a decent game but as it is right now
sledgehammer games making modern warfare
4 if that's what it's going to be and
it's probably gonna be a piece of crap
also just like that claim where they
killed me for the kill cam but we end up
winning
so I hope you guys enjoyed the video
tell me you guys staying well you guys
buy a sledgehammer game as opposed to a
real Infinity Ward game leave it in the
comment section down below and as always
leave a like leave a favorite MX jism
out guys peace what what what is up guys
it's x rays welcome to my outro you guys
know that you guys love this out r you
guys know it so much it's probably
better than the commentary itself but
anyways guys video on the left is a new
video i made on my tips and tricks
channel you guys will also see the
annotation to that on the bottom right
hand side where it says tips and tricks
chanty can go over there and subscribe
if you want to anyways it's a video
about a new zombie emblem that was shown
off by treyarch the official twitter i
talk about my thoughts what i think it
means a new ranking system possibly
maybe getting a new emblem area for
every round that you make it through I
don't know what you guys tell me in that
video go ahead and check that out if you
like zombies video on the right is
yesterday's video rewind theater how to
be a noob it's a new video this guy was
a total fail he was so cautious and he
still sucked at the game total fail and
of course the annotation on the top
subscribe if you are not subscribed to
this channel go ahead and click on that
it will subscribe you if you enjoy my
content that is and if you enjoyed the
video as always I appreciate a like and
a favorite and the social media links
are also on the bottom for you guys
Facebook Twitter twitch me go ahead and
stock me follow me be a little stalker
scare me send me hate messages I know
you guys love it i'm exorcism al Qaeda
space